gh-99535: Add test for inheritance of annotations and update documentation (#99990)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

   .. versionchanged:: 3.9
      Added ``include_extras`` parameter as part of :pep:`593`.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.10

>       ``__annotations__`` of a class does not contain anymore the annotations

Reviewer: Feels weird to mention that here since there's no change to  `get_type_hints` itself.

Author: I've added it after a suggestion from @sobolevn. To be fair, the method is almost equivalent to `__annotations__` so also for me would make sense to signal the change in some way. 
What do you think about something like "The method does not return anymore the hints of the base classes of obj" instead?

Reviewer 2: As a maintainer of several runtime libraries that work with annotaions, I would expect to see it here, because it is the main entrypoint for runtime annotations.

Yes, technically it was not changed, but `.__annotations__` was.

Reviewer: Maybe the note here should say what changed in the observable behavior of `get_type_hints()` instead of talking about `__annotations__`.
```suggestion
      Calling ``get_type_hints()`` on a class no longer returns the annotations
```

Author: @JelleZijlstra that's a great compromise. I've modified the entry.
